changelog update (new ways to get started on Workers) (#19794)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/changelogs-next/2025-02-07-new-ways-to-get-started-on-workers.mdx

---

> title: Get started on Workers by choosing a template or importing a Git repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Create and deploy Workers from Git repositories
```

products:
  - workers
date: 2025-02-07 00:00:00 UTC
---

![Import repo or choose template](~/assets/images/workers/choose-template-import-repo.png)

You can now create a Worker by: 
* **Importing a Git repository**: Choose an existing Git repo on your GitHub/GitLab account and set up [Workers Builds](/workers/ci-cd/builds/configuration/) to deploy your Worker. 
* **Deploying a template with Git**: Choose from a brand new selection of production ready [examples](https://github.com/cloudflare/templates) to help you get started with popular frameworks like [Astro](https://astro.build/), [Remix](https://remix.run/) and [Next](https://nextjs.org/) or build stateful applications with Cloudflare resources like [D1 databases](/d1/), [Workers AI](/workers-ai/) or [Durable Objects](/durable-objects/)! When you're ready to deploy, Cloudflare will set up your project by cloning the template to your GitHub/GitLab account, provisioning any required [resources](/workers/runtime-apis/bindings/) and deploying your Worker. 

With every push to your chosen branch, Cloudflare will automatically build and deploy your Worker. 

> To get started, go to the [Workers dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/workers-and-pages/create). While these new features are only rolled out to a subset of users to start, you can opt in to enable these new features on your account now by filling out this [form](https://forms.gle/U1qhkF2snNJDGJJa9). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started, go to the [Workers dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/workers-and-pages/create).

These new features are available today in the Cloudflare dashboard to a subset of Cloudflare customers, and will be coming to all customers in the next few weeks. Don't see it in your dashboard, but want early access? Add your Cloudflare Account ID to [this form](https://forms.gle/U1qhkF2snNJDGJJa9). 
```

Please not "users"
